#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aioredis==1.3.1
    # via channels-redis
amqp==5.3.1
    # via kombu
anytree==2.13.0
    # via oasislmf
argparsetree==0.0.6
    # via oasislmf
asgiref==3.9.1
    # via
    #   channels
    #   channels-redis
    #   daphne
    #   django
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via aioredis
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   hypothesis
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==24.4.2
    # via daphne
automat==25.4.16
    # via twisted
azure-core==1.35.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-worker.in
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   django-storages
azure-storage-blob==12.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-worker.in
    #   django-storages
backports-tempfile==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
backports-weakref==1.0.post1
    # via backports-tempfile
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via webtest
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-worker.in
    #   celery
boto3==1.40.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   -r requirements-worker.in
botocore==1.40.3
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==1.3.0
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==6.1.0
    # via tox
celery==5.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   -r requirements-worker.in
    #   django-celery-results
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyproj
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
chainmap==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   oasislmf
channels==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   channels-redis
channels-redis==2.4.2
    # via -r requirements-server.in
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   oasislmf
    #   ods-tools
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pip-tools
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tox
configparser==7.2.0
    # via -r requirements-worker.in
constantly==23.10.4
    # via twisted
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage[toml]==7.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
cramjam==2.11.0
    # via fastparquet
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
    #   service-identity
daphne==2.5.0
    # via channels
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   ipdb
    #   ipython
distlib==0.4.0
    # via virtualenv
django==3.2.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   channels
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-request-logging
    #   django-storages
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
    #   model-mommy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
django-celery-results==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements-server.in
django-cleanup==9.0.0
    # via -r requirements-server.in
django-debug-toolbar==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   -r requirements.in
django-filter==23.5
    # via -r requirements-server.in
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements-server.in
django-request-logging==0.7.5
    # via -r requirements-server.in
django-storages[azure]==1.14.6
    # via -r requirements-server.in
django-webtest==1.9.13
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.3.1
    # via -r requirements-server.in
drf-nested-routers==0.94.0
    # via -r requirements-server.in
drf-yasg==1.21.5
    # via -r requirements-server.in
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fasteners==0.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements-worker.in
    #   -r requirements.in
fastparquet==2024.11.0
    # via
    #   oasis-data-manager
    #   oasislmf
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-worker.in
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
flake8==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
forex-python==1.9.2
    # via oasislmf
freezegun==1.5.4
    # via -r requirements.in
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   fastparquet
    #   oasis-data-manager
geopandas==1.1.1
    # via oasislmf
greenlet==3.2.3
    # via sqlalchemy
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements-server.in
hiredis==3.2.1
    # via aioredis
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via pyrabbit
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
hypothesis==6.137.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   twisted
incremental==24.7.2
    # via twisted
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
ipdb==0.13.13
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==9.4.0
    # via ipdb
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
isodate==0.7.2
    # via azure-storage-blob
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via coreschema
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   -r requirements-worker.in
    #   scikit-learn
josepy==2.1.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc
jsonpickle==3.4.2
    # via -r requirements-server.in
jsonref==1.1.0
    # via ods-tools
jsonschema==4.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   ods-tools
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
kombu==5.5.4
    # via celery
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via numba
markdown==3.8.2
    # via -r requirements-server.in
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mock==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
model-mommy==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements-server.in
msgpack==0.6.2
    # via
    #   channels-redis
    #   oasislmf
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via -r requirements-server.in
natsort==8.4.0
    # via -r requirements-worker.in
numba==0.61.2
    # via
    #   oasislmf
    #   ods-tools
numexpr==2.11.0
    # via oasislmf
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   -r requirements-worker.in
    #   fastparquet
    #   geopandas
    #   numba
    #   numexpr
    #   oasislmf
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pyogrio
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
oasis-data-manager==0.1.5
    # via
    #   oasislmf
    #   ods-tools
oasislmf[extra]==2.3.18
    # via -r requirements-worker.in
ods-tools==3.2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   -r requirements-worker.in
    #   oasislmf
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   drf-yasg
    #   fastparquet
    #   geopandas
    #   gunicorn
    #   kombu
    #   ods-tools
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pandas==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   -r requirements-worker.in
    #   fastparquet
    #   geopandas
    #   oasis-data-manager
    #   oasislmf
    #   ods-tools
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathlib2==2.3.7.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   -r requirements-worker.in
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pip-tools==7.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   -r requirements-worker.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==17.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   oasislmf
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   service-identity
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via service-identity
pycodestyle==2.14.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyflakes==3.4.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   pytest
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   redis
pymysql==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   -r requirements-worker.in
pyogrio==0.11.1
    # via geopandas
pyopenssl==24.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twisted
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via httplib2
pyproj==3.7.1
    # via geopandas
pyproject-api==1.9.1
    # via tox
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pyrabbit==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements-server.in
pytest==8.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-worker.in
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-django==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   freezegun
    #   pandas
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   oasislmf
    #   pandas
redis==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   -r requirements-worker.in
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   coreapi
    #   forex-python
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   oasislmf
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via oasislmf
rpds-py==0.26.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rtree==1.4.0
    # via oasislmf
ruamel-yaml==0.18.14
    # via drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3transfer==0.13.1
    # via boto3
scikit-learn==1.7.1
    # via oasislmf
scipy==1.16.1
    # via
    #   oasislmf
    #   scikit-learn
service-identity==24.2.0
    # via twisted
shapely==2.1.1
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   oasislmf
shutilwhich==1.1.0
    # via oasislmf
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via forex-python
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   pathlib2
    #   python-dateutil
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via hypothesis
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.42
    # via
    #   -r requirements-server.in
    #   -r requirements-worker.in
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via oasislmf
tblib==3.1.0
    # via oasislmf
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tox==4.28.4
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via oasislmf
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
twisted[tls]==25.5.0
    # via daphne
txaio==25.6.1
    # via autobahn
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   oasis-data-manager
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   twisted
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   kombu
    #   pandas
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.33.1
    # via tox
waitress==3.0.2
    # via webtest
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webob==1.8.9
    # via webtest
webtest==3.0.6
    # via django-webtest
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
whitenoise==6.9.0
    # via -r requirements-server.in
zope-interface==7.2
    # via twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
